# Requirements of COScon'22 NFT

## Overview of Ktoken

Ktoken is a blockchain-based incentive program for open source communities. Contributors from various communities can use Ktoken to record their contributions, as well as NFTs to commemorate their participation in events or memorable moments. What we want to do here is to offer NFTs to attendees of the China Open Source Conference (Coscon'22).

## Important Requirements

- Over 90% of participants are expected to have no experience with cryptocurrency wallets. They need to obtain cryptowallet addresses in an understandable Web2 way (e.g., email), but approximately 10% of participants may already have cryptowallet addresses, and we need to allow them to import their existing addresses.

- To encourage participants to attend our metaverse venue, participants could mint their NFT in our [Yaotai](https://yaotai.163.com/) (a metaverse platform provided by NetEase).

- We need to give sponsors/cooperative communities more of a sense of involvement, but now it is too late to make a development level integration based on their products.

- Participants will mint different NFTs depending on their role in COScon'22 (list as follows). A person with multiple roles can mint multiple NFTs. (There's another souvenir NFT)
  - Attendee
  - Volunteer
  - Speaker
  - Producer

## Process of minting NFT

1. Before the start of the conference, participants will receive an email with a Magiclink (a SmartToken-based product with their ticket details), which will take them to a Landing page.
2. The Landing page contains different entrances to mint NFTs. You can only mint an NFT if your Ticket matches the role.
3. Click on the NFT to call the wallet for mint. Users can import an address or create one here. We promote the UniPass for users who select to create one. Then, return to the main page to continue minting after obtaining an address. (This is what users can do before the conference)
4. The email also mentions that a rare version of NFT is available in our metaverse venue, and users need to enter the online venue to receive one.
5. During the conference, users need to enter their email addresses at an NPC in the metaverse venue. Following the conference, they will receive an email with a Magiclink to mint the rare NFT. Only users who log in to our metaverse venue and complete the form can mint the NFT.

## Questions
**Q1:** Which network do we use?  
**A1:** Ethereum Mainnet.

**Q2:** Do we need to pay the gas fee for users?  
**A2:** Yes. We find a third party who is willing to donate gas fee, so we need a gas station account.

**Q3:** How much ETH do we need for gas station?  
**A3:** About 1500 participants, we need about 10 ETH.

**Q4:** Who will design the NFTs?  
**A4:** Design Group in Kaiyuanshe. We will provide NFT metadata before this Friday (2022-10-21). We have 

**Q5:** Who will design the Landing page?  
**A5:** Design Group from SmartToken.

**Q6:** Any requirements for NFT deployment?  
**A6:** We expect non-transferable NFTs. (For example, ERC-721 contract with transfer disabled). I'm not sure if it is feasible within this program.

**Q7:** Should the project be open source?  
**A7:** Yes, we plan to open the source code under this repo. (Do you have any requirements for the license?)

**Q8:** Do you want user to do via a wallet?  
**A8:** Yes, let them use wallet! Metamask or UniPass

**Q9:** When should the landing page be ready?
**A9:** Please make it before one week after the conference (2022-11-04). 

## Comfirm list

**Q1:** Who will integrate codes from different platforms, for example, the code generated by MagicLink/attestation and the code to send bulk emails.  
**A1:** Negotiation needed.

**Q2:** Users can choice to import their account (with Metamask), or create a new address (with UniPass). I wonder if UniPass can integrate into browser as Metamask do?  
**A2:** Need to confirm.

**Q3:** Can we disable the transfer function of NFTs?  
**A3:** I used to just disable the transfer function (Return false by any input), but the EIP-5484 looks pretty good. Need to confirm with dev teams.
